ah here we go homie uh-huh you Betty
know this yeah you already know this
get'em hi Keith I'm young and I got a
lot of learn but I'm also reckless and
wild with a lot of weed to burn so sit
back in the rope tow but wait till it's
your turn this ain't the lights I was
giving this the lights that I earned
gonna firm when I say that the Knights
get the best of me
partying so goddamn much I swear is
killing me but never ever will I rest in
peace still gettin sauce off our harlech
recipe swinging our motherfuckers every
time that they said to me properly by
cats never really wanna mess with me
maybe it's just cuz I'm chilled to
everyone I see and the Sun that are
gonna have to disagree those are the
people that a standard way under me your
safety is something that I cannot
guarantee always taking first place by
killing every nominee the fire frost bit
leavin burnt to the third degree
strictly business don't take it
personally please kick back relax and
focus on global your trees but let me
say one more thing before I leave I hate
how you representing out you tough now
winning by split decision against other
fools around town I'm knocking yo ass
out cold in the first round little last
peasant you all need to bow down
recognize she's wearing the
motherfucking crown snakebacks slipped
over the grass
this isn't that fake crap you listenin
to bet a track amazing shit I don't fuck
around with plagiaristic eighty kids
bust around just making hits you love
the style that I'm spreading wit listen
I try hard to show true sees spit in my
fly boss so smoothly for all the gun
groupies the mobis gonna do me live my
life starring in my own movie and all of
y'all are just fuckin the bloopers up
I'm using my music to shoot just
introduce some dirt to Lucifer a night
like that I just write back some just
vibe until this I like my music your
favorite rappers the rapper who I'd
influenced
alright imma hop off my own arrogant
dick I just loved a pop in the memory to
wit they said I'm going to do this I
said I'm born with I said the horns and
two dicks and I'm gonna pursue this til
I'm dead and gone
i'ma pursue this until I'm gonna go
this is the lil homie get a ready form
you heard me I hope you're ready Kong
come on get I'm told this is my art in
the most poetic form I'm like no with
this art by surpassing the norm
transforming to b'stilla being sworn
like a refugee the store unless insider
means the worst thing you'll ever see
pleasantly assassinating beats by your
reclamation took the heights that of
reach continue to preach the sweet words
up the streets but that's probably your
language that you do not speak obviously
please speak it fluently is true indeed
x-ray vision keep your lies and bust I
see I see your first news not tough just
comedy get some time to be the young
spitter that I am more firepower burden
Uncle Sam they wonder how the kids so
good goddamn the fucking man coming in
kind of like the boogeyman wishing you
boo boy dust you probably shit her brand
now be on top so notice what's the plan
keep killing shit till we cut out the
middleman and half a million bands open
up they fucking hands up they chant
these two homies for the win
you